c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\bin\Debug\Gauss Jordan.exe.config
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\bin\Debug\Gauss Jordan.exe
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\bin\Debug\Gauss Jordan.pdb
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.g.resources
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss_Jordan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.exe
c:\users\fernandoabdiel\source\repos\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.pdb
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\bin\Debug\Gauss Jordan.exe.config
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\bin\Debug\Gauss Jordan.exe
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\bin\Debug\Gauss Jordan.pdb
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.g.resources
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss_Jordan.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.exe
C:\Users\fer_n\source\repos\Semestre 2\Gauss Jordan\Gauss Jordan\obj\Debug\Gauss Jordan.pdb
